BUGS.txt

- in Safari 10.0 on Mac OS 10.10.5, running via github pages, 
  some but perhaps not all parts of the elm-coded js code can "go to sleep" (for 5-30 seconds)
  if there is no user activity for a minute or two (or longer). 
  The main symptom is that the display "freezes", except for mouse pointer and cursor actions -- the user can try to drag an object,
  and the mouse pointer and cursor work correctly, but the object (an svg circle with "decorations") doesn't move. 
  But after waiting 5-30 seconds (depending on history), the object then suddenly moves to the right place.

    The cause must not be quite as simple as the mouse events being buffered up until the elm code runs again --
  sometimes the object is then still being dragged (as if it didn't notice the mouseup event).
  On the other hand, multiple drag-attempts during the freeze period do all get buffered up somehow, since upon waking,
  the object jumps much farther than any single drag attempt should have moved it.
  This is not perfectly explainable either by elm code being frozen, or elm code running but virtual dom output being frozen.

    Another mystery-behavior-detail is that, after an object is erroneously dragged during mouseup, it can jump back to an earlier
  position upon the next mousedown (at least if it starts a new object-drag, not sure about otherwise).

    As later added below: -- 
  ### does always subscribing fix the freezing bug? not the basic bug, but maybe the sometimes-drags-with-mouse-up aspect of it. ### 
  That is, I changed the code to never unsubscribe to anything, and that may have fixed that up-drag part of the bug, but not the main part.

    This should be tried in other browsers... in Chrome (from github pages), it doesn't seem to happen!

    In theory it could behave differently when run from a local file, 
  but a brief trial shows it can also happen then, and might behave the same.

    At least once, the bug did NOT happen after long inactivity if I tried it right after changing from some other tab in Safari.
  
    As for a minimal example demoing the bug, I didn't look for one, but I find that the bug does NOT appear
  in the elm-lang mouse drag example (a single html div) (also run from my github pages site).
  Same for the variant of that with 3 draggable objects (all html divs).
  The main difference between those and this one are: svg vs html, 12 vs 3 objects, and some details of drag code.


- other known bugs (also in original code):
  - no provision is made for dragging out of range, scrolling, etc. I don't know whether it works properly in all such cases.

